add items for help pages (#11)
hturner/pkg-dev-ctv: proposal.md

#### Help pages

Source files for help pages use the "R documentation" (Rd) format. 
`utils::prompt()` and `utils::promptData()` may be used to create an Rd template for a function or data set, respectively. `tools::checkRd()` may be used to validate Rd files, e.g., detecting syntax errors.

WRE reference: [Writing R documentation files](https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/R-exts.html#Writing-R-documentation-files)

> - `r pkg("roxygen2", priority = "core")` provides the `roxygenise()` function to generate Rd files from roxygen blocks: comments with specific markup in R source files. When used with Markdown, roxygen can greatly reduce the markup required in the documentation source. Several [development workflow](#development-workflow) packages support creating documentation with roxygen. `r pkg("Rdroxygen")` provides functions to convert Rd files to roxygen blocks; `r pkg("roxygen2md")` replaces Rd syntax in roxygen comments with the Markdown equivalent.

Reviewer: Several suggestions:

```suggestion
- `r pkg("roxygen2", priority = "core")` provides the `roxygenise()` function to generate Rd files from comments with specific markup in R source files. When used with Markdown, roxygen2 can greatly reduce the markup required in the documentation source. Several [development workflow](#development-workflow) packages support creating documentation with roxygen2. 
     `r pkg("Rd2roxygen")` provides functions to convert Rd files to roxygen2 comments.
     `r pkg("roxygen2md")` replaces Rd syntax in roxygen2 comments with the Markdown equivalent.
```

Perhaps not using "roxygen blocks" is easier for people not familiar with the package. 
I used roxygen2 to be consistent with the package name. 
I also separated the two packages that manipulate roxygen2 comments into a subparagraph (not sure how it renders as I'm editing this via github).

Author: Yes, I was also unsure about this. If we're go with using the package name consistently as you suggest, it's probably best to always mark it up as a package name. So I'll accept this suggestion and update the formatting, checking the sub paragraphs at the same time.

- `r pkg("roclang")` facilitates extracting components of documentation from an Rd file (in the same or another package) for reuse, by insertion in a roxygen comment.
- `r pkg("pasteAsComment")` provides an RStudio addin to paste clipboard content as a roxygen block - useful for inserting examples; `r github("csgillespie/roxygen2Comment")` provides an RStudio addin to convert regular code to roxygen commented code and vice versa.
- `r pkg("roxyglobals")` adds additional roxygen tags to generate R code defining global variables with `utils::globalVariables()`. This can be used to avoid false positives in the package check when functions in the package call functions that use non-standard evaluation.
- `r pkg("Rdpack")` provides functions and Rd macros for developing documentation, e.g. adding template documentation for new arguments; importing references from BibTeX files, and evaluating R code then inserting the resulting output or graphic.
- `r github("Genentech/rd2markdown")` converts Rd files to plain Markdown files; `r github("coolbutuseless/rd2list")` converts Rd files to an R list.

> 

Reviewer: Some other packages, many from @maelle [blog post](https://masalmon.eu/2024/09/03/roxygen2-custom-tag/).
Perhaps [devtag](https://github.com/moodymudskipper/devtag) is a package also worth mentioning. It helps with help pages only intended for developers.
There is also [roxytest](https://cran.r-project.org/package=roxytest) that documents and creates test for developers (I mention it on the testing section but might be worth mentioning it here too)

Author: I added both devtag and srr. I think we can keep roxytest in the test section.
